Not being able to use your computer
because your mouse doesn't work is frustrating.
A man drops his computer mouse off the desk
The computer mouse no longer works
Many people use only the keyboard to navigate websites
Either through preference or circumstance.
A man with a wheelchair is using a mouth-stick to type
Whether it's temporarily limited mobility
A woman with her arm in a sling is typing on a keyboard
but the website requires the use of a mouse to select the date.
A permanent physical disability
The man with the wheelchair also cannot use the site.
or simply a broken mouse
The result is the same
Websites and apps need to be operable by keyboard
He switches to a different website that allows typing the date.
Web accessibility
Essential for some, useful for all.